<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
<h1>JavaScript Three.js Projects</h1>
<dl>
  <dt><a href="https://wiadarola.github.io/simple-solar-system">&#x2022; Simple Solar System</a></dt>
    <dd>A (non-accurate) solar system complete with orbit inclinations, orbits that slow the further a planet becomes from the sun, orbit trails, and so much more.</dd>
  <dt><a href="https://wiadarola.github.io/simple-world-map">&#x2022; Simple World Map</a></dt>
    <dd>An infinite panning and draggable 2D world map that displays the latitude and longitude of the mouse position at the bottom of the page, as well as prints the country's sovereignty in the console on-click. </dd>
  <dt><a href="https://wiadarola.github.io/infinite-panning-visualization">&#x2022; Infinite Panning Visualization</a></dt>
    <dd>This is a script that was created for presentation purposes. It demonstrates how infinite panning can be achieved by usage of camera snapping and two copies of the same object. The scene contains two rectangles that fill the screen space, representing two copies of a world map (which can be seen in the simple world map). The camera can be moved horizontally by dragging. Pressing the c key will change the camera zoom and allow for greater visual understanding of when the camera moves. Pressing the r key changes the color of the right rectangle for increased clarity on which copy the camera is looking at.</dd>
  <dt><a href="https://wiadarola.github.io/quadtree-visualization">&#x2022; Quadtree Visualization</a></dt>
    <dd>This script exists to demonstrate how a quadtree data structure separates data and subdivides into subquadrants. Click to place points, and click the 'draw tree' button to draw the quadrants.</dd>
  <dt><a href="https://wiadarola.github.io/threejs-shader-tutorial">&#x2022; Three.js Shader Tutorial</a></dt>
    <dd>This leads to three links labeled part one, two, and three. The goals of part one were two load a brown crate texture onto an instanced mesh and attempt to change the color of each instance. The lesson learned here is that changing the color of a texture on a mesh results in a multiplier on the original texture's color. Part two's task was figure to out how to texture an airplane icon properly. The secret was to make the airplane texture white, so when a multiplier was applied, the object became the intended color. The goal of the final part was to create an instanced mesh with 9 different icons. To complete this part, I learned to write vertex shader code and utilize UV mapping to describe the location of the desired texture on an atlas map.</dd>
  <dt><a href="https://wiadarola.github.io/threejs-mesh-tutorial">&#x2022; Three.js Mesh Tutorial</a></dt>
    <dd>This leads to two links labeled part one and two. The goal of the first part was to understand how increasing the count of objects using an instanced mesh is much less expensive than a noninstanced mesh, due to the lack of a need to resend the geometry and material of the object N times. Clicking a square will change its color. The direction of the rotation of each square is bound to its color, so changing the color may also change the rotation. The goal of part two was to learn how to manipulate and animate instanced meshes within three.js. The squares bounce off each other (for the most part) and the border wall. Sometimes the squares become trapped within each other due to funky rules when they collide a certain way. Initially, the squares would also collide strange with the border wall and would vibrate themselves out of bounds, but luckily that no longer occurs.</dd>
</dl>
<h1>My Resume</h1>
<embed src="Resume.pdf" width="810px" height="1080px" />
